[READY FOR REVIEW] PPIE version of Inclusive Events chapter (#3550)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/ppie-events/ppie-events-schedules.md

When planning the dates for the event, it is also useful to consider the potential travel times of your attendees. 
If your event takes place in-person, try to choose a date and start time that takes into account how long your attendees will need to travel. 
For example, having your event start at 10:30 a.m. allows for inter-city travel the morning before the event.

Events that occur on weekends or during working hours can negatively impact the ability of people with lived experience who have jobs or caregiving commitments to attend events. 
By considering when your attendees will be required elsewhere, you will be more likely to find a time that suits everyone.

Although scheduling is difficult for any form of event organizing, please take the time to consider what barriers an event's timing will have on your ability to be inclusive of people with lived experience and refer to your local area for any specific dates to avoid. 

(cl-ppie-events-session-duration)=
### Session Duration
Your schedule should take into account breaks and meal times, and carefully plan the length of its sessions. 

> If your event takes place in person, make sure to allow for sufficient time for people with lived experience and disabilities affecting mobility to move between locations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your event takes place in person, make sure to allow for sufficient time for people with lived experiences and/or disabilities affecting mobility to move between locations. 
```

By clearly defining what engagement looks like, and also how to engage, your event will be more accessible to people with lived experience and also reduce potential barriers and anxieties for participants.

(cl-ppie-events-defining-engagement)=
### Defining Engagement for Your Event
Providing guidance on what engagement means for your specific event can help to set expectations, and also reduce potential barriers and anxieties that attendees with lived experience may have when trying to engage in your event.  
For example, people with an experience of cognitive disability, as well as autistic people, can find unstructured sessions daunting which will negatively impact their ability to fully engage. 

The guidance you provide will be different depending on your event. 
For example, a public lecture may ask attendees to submit questions for the speaker at the end of the lecture. 

> For this example, indicate in your guidance how long there will be for questions, how to use any online software you may be using to collect audience questions, and also how many questions you are likely going to answer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, indicate in your guidance how much time will be used for questions, how to use any online software you may be using to collect audience questions, and also how many questions you are likely going to answer. 
```

This can help avoid any feeling attendees may have about being ignored or not heard if their question is not addressed. 
Ensure that the moderator is taking questions from a diverse subset of the audience.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Empty spaces here
